they're a lot of choruses you'll be asked to take in any field of study
that you'll never be able to think later on played really use that
particular skill but just learning the skill is developing a skill
of its own if you think in terms of how you think and how you learn
every learning spirits you have helped you learn other things later
on learning a language like snowball which I did when I was a sophomore
in college nobody uses snowball anymore it's been superseded by
much better languages in a much more common but learning the language
was a good one for me because it told me a lot about string manipulation
that I can use when I use some of the other languages extent
these days showed but it is true a lot of my friends have college textbooks
on there bookshelf and they say heaven open that textbooks it's
a love school because it's not good knowledge it's in the book it
was it was learning the knowledge and that skills